2 4 76 22  Table editor
  To change position of the  cursor and  the   highlighted  cell one  can
use the arrow keys, the Tab key, and the mouse click. If the table is open
for changes and one types any printing symb it will be inserted into the
table at the cursor position.
  The  PgUp, PgDn  keys are used to scroll the table. The F1 and F2
functional keys provide information about the meaning of table fields and
about facilities of the Table Editor.
  There are some auxiliary commands which help the user to operate the
tables. These commands can be realized by means of Control symbols or by
mouse click on the command label displayed on the table borders:

  "Xgoto" (^X)   in frame of current line and current field  sets the  
cursor on  the position directed by the user.
  "Ygoto" (^Y)   moves the cursor to the line directed by the user. It puts
cursor position on the bottom line  if one type '$' instead of line number.
  "Find" (^F)   searches the string, or set of strings  directed by the 
user. If strings have to be separated by commas.  To continue the search, 
press ^F again. To initialize new search, change cursor position and press 
^F. The search is performed in the region below the cursor.
  "Write" (^W)  writes the contents of current field into a file.   

The following commands are available only if the table is open for changes:

  "Clr" (^C)    clears the contents of the current fields right to the
cursor position.
  "Del" (^D)    cuts the current line from the table and puts it into the
buffer.
  "Size" (^S) allows  the user to change the width of current field. This
command is active only if the cursor is disposed in the column which name
is surrounded by the '\verb|>|','\verb|<|' symbols.
  "Read" (^R)  moves the contents of the file defined by the user into  
the current field. White space characters are ignored. The size of field 
inceases automatically if it is possible and  needed.
  "ErrMess"(^E) redisplays the last   error message  concerning the tables.

To insert new line just press the 'Enter key'. The contents of new line will 
correspondts to the last deleted line.


To exit the table  one has to press the Esc key.
