2 1 76 22  CalcHEP service
    This is an explanation of CalcHEP interface facilities.

  You can toggle on/off color and sound for the CalcHEP session as well as
choose the most appropriate fonts for your X-terminal. Just edit the
'comphep.ini' file. We hope that syntax there is self-explanatory.

  There are the following elements of the user interface in the CalcHEP
package: On-line Help, Menu, Message, String Editor, Table Editor and
Diagram Viewer. You can control them using Arrow, Enter, Esc, Backspace,
PgUp/PgDn (on some keyboards there are Prev/Next instead of PgUp/PgDn) keys
and/or mouse. CalcHEP is sensitive to the left mouse button release.

                I. On-line Help.  
  At almost every point when CalcHEP is waiting for your input, you can
press the F1 key to get a context sensitive help information. If the screen
height in not enough to display the full help message, you will see PgDn
mark in the right-bottom corner of the help window. To get next page of the
message press the PgDn key or click on the mark. To close the help window,
press the Esc key or click the asterisk in the upper-left corner of the
help border.
  
                II. Menu.
  The menu program displays a list of menu functions. One of them is
highlighted. Use the arrow keys or a mouse click to highlight
a desired function. Press the Enter key or click on the highlighted
function to activate it. 
   If the menu is too large - you will see only a part of it. Use the
PgDn/PgUp buttons or click on the corresponding marks in the menu corners
to scroll.
   In order to get back to the previous menu level press the Esc key or
click the asterisk in the top-left corner of the menu border.
   The menu program is also sensitive to the functional keys. The list of
active function keys depends on the program point and is displayed on the
bottom line of the screen. Generally the function keys activate the
following programs:
 F1 Help    : displays a help message about the highlighted menu function.
 F2 Manu    : browses this text.
 F3 Models  : displays the contents of the current model of particles 
              interaction. 
 F4 Diagrams: browses generated Feynman diagrams. 
 F6 Results : views and deletes CalcHEP output files and renames the output
              directory.
 F9  Ref.   : shows references on CalcHEP and its components.     
 F10 Quit   : quits CalcHEP session. 
To call one of these programs just press the functional key or click on the
corresponding symbol on the bottom line of the screen.
  Menu program also is sensitive to the 'F/f' key, that starts search 
of menu item for given sample. It can be useful for long menus.

                III. Message.
  CalcHEP writes informative and dialogue messages during the session. 
  The informative messages finish with the 'Press any key' record. You can
continue your work either following this instruction or by clicking the 
mouse on the message area. 
  The dialogue message has a label '(Y/N?)'. You can press the 'Y' or 'N' 
key or just click on them in the message window to answer 'Yes' or 'No'.

                IV. String Editor. 
   If you would like to enter a new process or change a value of parameter,
CalcHEP calls the String Editor.  As a rule, a previous information about
this item is available and the foregoing string is displayed.  If you would
like to edit the foregoing string, use left/right arrow keys or the mouse
click to put the cursor on the desired position. Otherwise, if the fist
input character is a printing symbol, the foregoing string will be deleted. 
The backspace key must work as usually.  To terminate input, you can press
the Enter key to accept resulting string or the Esc key to get back and
forget your input.

                V. Table Editor.  VI.  Diagram Viewer.
Press the F2 key inside of the corresponding program to get the needed
information.
